Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hi, I'm Zoe.
Hello, pleased to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Mark.
Come on in.
So as you can see, it's pretty small.
Might not be the ideal place
for starting a family,
but let's take a look.
Not nearly enough closet space.
Only one bathroom.
Plus, the back yard backs
right up to the woods,
and who knows what kind of wild animals
are lurking back there.
But you never know.
Why don't you take one of
Larry's fliers just in case?
Well guys, it's been a pleasure.
Thank you so much for coming.
Bye.
Buh-bye.
Drive safe.
Good luck with everything.
Oh shit.
Okay.
Hi.
You're not wearing that.
It was this or an evening gown.
♪ I met you in the springtime ♪
♪ Honeysuckle on a new vine ♪
So, how'd you get Larry
to give you two weeks off?
I quit.
Shut up, no you didn't.
Look, okay, I'm not
gonna end up like my dad.
There's more to life than just work,
and I really need a change.
So, did Larry lose it when you told him?
I haven't exactly told him yet.
♪ Don't you cry ♪
♪ Dry your eyes ♪
Morning.
Yo-yo.
Drake.
Phil.
What's happening?
Not a bad day for a hike, eh?
What we got to day, five hikers?
Four.
Mr. Bernstein got the flu.
That's too bad.
Hey, why are you all suited up.
Sit down, we need to talk.
What is it, what's going on?
Look, Drake.
I like you, you're a great trail master.
I just can't keep you on, I'm sorry.
You're joking, right?
It's partly my fault, I should have done
a background check before
officially bringing you on.
I mean, it's usually formality.
I had no idea you were
a convicted felon.
Drake, I can't keep you on with this.
Phil, come on, how do you know
this is even me?
I'm not the only Drake Jacobs
running around.
It's a mix-up.
I'm sorry, Drake.
Phil, hey.
I get it, okay?
I do.
But that's not me.
Look, why don't you let me take
this tour out, and when I
get back, we'll sort out
this whole mess, alright?
I'm sorry, can't do it.
I need you to clear out your stuff.
I'm gonna take this one myself.
Phil, come on.
Look, don't make this harder
than it has to be.
I'm begging you, please, don't do this.
Drake.
Look, my mom,
she's in hospice, she's got cancer.
I'm all she's got.
I need this job.
I need your satellite phone
and the first aid kit
from your bag before you go.
You know what?
Fuck you.
Leave the premises,
- or I'm calling the cops.
- Put the phone down.
Jesus.
Get off of me.
Alright, okay, okay, look, stop.
Get out.
Calm down!
- Get out.
- Jesus.
Get off of me.
Shit.
Fuck me.
Well, I got you a little present.
It's nothing big, it's in my purse.
Oh my God, I can't believe
you got me a gift.
You'll love it.
Really?
Oh God, what do you have in this thing?
Pepper spray.
Well, you don't know
any of these people.
I mean, what if you're the only girl.
I probably will be the only girl.
I mean, how many women
do you know that wanna go
on a 10 day hike of
the Appalachian Trail?
None.
Hi, I'm Dan.
I'm here for the 10 day hike.
Hike's been cancelled.
Cancelled?
I'm sorry, you can call the office.
They can refund your money
or they can reschedule for a later time.
Wait a minute.
I just flew across the country
from San Francisco for this thing.
I'm not just flying home.
I'm sorry.
It's been cancelled.
Well...
Phil confirmed everything last week,
I'm sure he'll clear this up.
Woah.
You said 10-day hike.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're good, that's still on.
- So, we're good.
- We're good.
Hey.
I'm Brian, this is my brother, Sam.
We're here for the hike.
Call me Cheese.
Dan.
And I'm Drake.
I'm your trail master.
I'll be leading the tour and
keeping you guys out of harms way.
Hold up, guys, hold up.
Hold it right there.
Man, I hope you guys all bought
your boots and rain gear.
You're not borrowing mine.
Alright.
We're gonna be shooting
for 10 miles a day.
We'll see how you guys do with that.
I don't want anybody
falling behind, okay?
You do, you'll throw off our pace.
And remember, the trail's
a dangerous place,
so I need you to keep your eyes peeled.
We're gonna be days
away from civilization,
so I need you to follow my lead,
keep up, and don't do anything stupid.
What?
The brochure mentioned
we'd have first aid kits.
You can hang with that,
we'll all have a pretty
good time, alright?
Hey.
She with us?
It's a chick.
Hi.
I'm Zoe, is this the trail tour?
- Yeah.
- Yeah
Okay.
You're late.
Yeah, sorry, we got lost.
Here.
Barbie.
Your pack.
Oh, thanks.
Let's get moving.
We got a long hike to go to get
to the campsite before sunset.
Jesus, you bring enough stuff?
Maybe you should have brought a TV.
I brought a laptop.
I'm sure you did.
Hold on.
Hey, what the hell are you doing?
Dude, that stuff's expensive.
You'll thank me in 20 minutes
when we're up on the mountain.
What will I sit on?
You really wanna be carrying
this shit around for the next 90 miles?
That's why I bought it.
Let's go, come on.
I gotta admit, that is better.
You okay?
Yeah.
This is what happens
when you spend the last 20 years
sitting on your ass in
front of a computer.
Well, at least you're
taking a break from it.
All work and no play, right?
Yeah.
I thought it's what my wife wanted.
Lots of money, nice house, two BMWs.
Then she left me for
the yoga instructor.
Ooo.
Namaste.
I was doing it all for her,
and she didn't give a shit.
Come on guys, keep moving.
Good times.
I really thought you were
gonna change your mind.
Why?
I dunno, last time we met,
you just seemed upset.
It was Dad's funeral.
So, how was graduation?
Well, I passed.
I made it.
That's good.
Man, I couldn't wait to
get out of high school.
College is so much better.
Trust me.
I don't really think I'm gonna
do the whole college thing.
I don't really have the grades,
and Mom really doesn't have the money,
so I figured I'd go
get a job or something.
Hey, there's nothing wrong with that.
My degree hasn't done shit for me.
What the hell is that?
Oh man.
What is that?
I dunno, it doesn't look good.
Cheese, hold, what are you doing?
Cheese.
Hey.
Sam.
Wait.
This is a bad idea.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Oh my God.
Jesus, what the hell happened?
Looks like a bear attack.
Don't worry, the rangers
are on their way.
Drake.
Come on, we gotta keep moving.
Keep moving?
What about her,
shouldn't we do something?
Look, it's a horrible thing,
but help's on the way.
We keep moving.
I'm with Drake.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Hey.
What?
Isn't that the main trail?
You paid for a guide, right?
Guys, you don't need me
for the main trail.
You can just follow the mob of tourists.
We're going off-trail.
Come on.
What about the bear?
Bear won't mess with the five of us,
there's safety in numbers.
Hey, be careful, watch your step.
Wet shoes will ruin your day.
Just go slow, it'll be fine.
Sorry.
Shit, damn, fire.
Gonna be a long 10 days.
Up this way, guys.
Keep up.
Hey guys, you go ahead.
I'll catch up.
Go ahead.
Hello?
Guys.
Guys?
Guys, hold up.
You guys are gonna see things
those tourists on the
main trail never see.
Just gorgeous.
You okay, Dan?
Yeah.
I'm fine, no problem.
Alright, let's relax for a second.
It's the first time I can remember
not having internet or
a cellphone that works.
Technology's a crutch, kid.
Government wants you hooked
on it so they can watch you.
Control you.
It's a scam.
I wouldn't call it a crutch.
I'd call it pretty good living.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Seen the news lately?
No.
It's everywhere, man.
Surveillance drones,
NSA information gathering.
Spy satellites.
They're taking away our rights
and our privacy bit by bit,
and no one really cares.
That's scary shit, man.
This was once all Cherokee land.
It was considered sacred ground,
and trespassers would
be killed on sight.
The Nunahee, or the Immortals,
were said to inhabit these mountains.
They were the protectors.
Spirit guides.
And they would help the Cherokee.
Legend has it when the
Cherokee were driven
from these lands, the
Nunahee left, leaving a void.
So, what happened?
Without the protectors,
the Shadow People came
to haunt these mountains.
Consider it the white man's curse.
He's just trying to scare you.
Trail talk.
Ghost stories.
I dunno, I find it fascinating.
I'm just trying to tell you guys
about the legend, that's all.
I think it's sad what we did to them.
The Cherokee.
It was actually disease
that killed more Indians than anything.
Stuff the Europeans brought over
that they weren't immune to.
It's true.
I'm turning in, you guys.
We got a busy day tomorrow,
I suggest you do the same.
Good night, Drake.
What are you doing?
Nothing, taking a piss.
Is that weed?
No, no, no, no way.
I can smell it.
I don't care, I'm cool,
let me have some.
Seriously?
Yeah, of course.
Used to smoke all the time in college.
You know, I used to play
guitar in a metal band.
Of course, that was a long time ago.
Come on.
Okay, fine.
Sh.
That's harsh.
Yeah, it's good weed, be careful.
Thanks, I'm good.
What was that?
Did you hear that?
I dunno, maybe.
- Boo!
- Oh my God.
Damn it, Drake.
I almost shit myself.
What are you guys doing out here?
Nothin'.
Takin' a piss.
Together.
Come on.
You shouldn't leave the campsite.
It's dangerous out here after dark.
Ah, get out of here, out!
What was that?
A bear.
He got into the food.
Is it gone, are we safe?
Yeah, he ran off,
he was just after the food.
Who left the food out?
I told you, you have to put everything
up in the tree at night.
Drake, I'm so sorry.
I forgot, I didn't mean to.
Clean this stuff up
before the bear comes back.
Hey, Drake, I'm sorry about last night.
I got hungry, and I forgot
to put my snack pack away.
It was stupid.
Munchies.
Look, you gotta stay focused, alright?
This is no joke.
Nature is not forgiving.
I'm gonna make a mountain man
out of you yet, Dan I promise.
Hey, so I was thinking,
we should all have trail names.
Reading this book, Just Passing Through,
they all have trail names.
'Kay.
Yours is Snickers.
That's awesome.
No, not like that, like Wandering Wolf
or Soaring Eagle, something cool.
How 'bout Wolf Down Snickers?
Whatever, Cheese, what's up with that?
My dad named me that as a kid
'cause all I ate was cheese.
This one time, I ate this whole block
of Velveeta cheese, and I was
stopped up for a week.
Been there, done that.
Way bad.
Yeah it was pretty strange
meeting Sam for the first time.
It was at Dad's funeral.
And neither of us had
any idea that he had
this whole other life going on.
I was an only child before that.
That's crazy.
You mad at him?
Your dad?
No, not really.
He's gone.
I've got a brother now, kind of cool.
I dunno, I thought it would be good
to do something, just the two of us.
It's good you're taking
the time to do this.
My dad was
always working.
And then, he had a heart attack.
I wanted to do this for him, you know?
And for me.
I just kept thinking,
"I don't wanna end up like that...
I don't wanna regret not doing things."
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Although it did take me two years
to work up the nerve to do it alone.
I wouldn't say that you're alone.
Hey, is this right?
Drake?
What?
Are we lost?
No, we're not lost.
Well, where is the trail?
Yeah, where are going?
Hey, I got a GPS.
It's about a half-mile ahead, alright?
Relax.
Look, I'm sorry but
this doesn't seem right.
How would you know?
Have you been here before?
Maybe you'd like to lead.
Drake, come on.
Let's just go.
Legend has it the Cherokee
called this place Strawberry Fields.
'Cause in the springtime,
before the grass grew tall,
the place was filled
it wild strawberries.
Are there snakes in here?
Yeah, absolutely.
Really?
Just watch where you step.
You don't bother them,
they don't bother you.
Come on.
Hey, Drake, take a look at this.
It's an Indian grave marker.
Leave it alone.
What did I just say?
What are you doing?
You know, being a trail master...
I'm surprised you don't
know that garnets,
rubies, even emeralds have
been found in these parts.
I thought you were
Silicon Valley egghead.
True.
But I also have a Bachelor's
degree in geology.
Thought I might go on this trip
and find the next chalk emerald.
Check this out.
Yeah, it's an Indian bead, put it back.
No, it's not an American Indian.
It's like
some type of little scarab.
It's got markings, look at that.
I said put it back.
It's bad luck to disturb a spirit house.
I don't need you jinxing
us the rest of this trip.
Come on, let's catch up
with the rest of them.
I'm coming.
I get the feeling he's never
been here before.
It's like he's pretending
to recognize things.
I dunno, I trust him.
Yeah, well, I have no idea where we are,
or to be honest, where we're going.
Well, if it makes you feel any better...
I wouldn't let anything happen.
We're gonna be fine, 'kay?
Okay.
Hey Drake, Drake.
When exactly are we going
to Klingman's Dome?
What?
You don't wanna go there.
Place is overrun with tourists.
My dad said it's the most beautiful spot
on the trail, I mean,
I have to go to it.
That's not the way we're going.
Well, that's the whole reason
I picked this hike.
You don't need this Disneyland map.
It's a joke.
What are you doing?
Trust me, you're gonna see
plenty of good things.
Knock knock.
You okay?
He pisses me off.
I mean,
it's not the map, not really.
It's just the one place my dad wanted
to visit that he never got to go to.
Come on, come back to the fire.
No.
No, I'm going to bed.
Brian?
Drake?
Guys, this isn't funny.
Drake!
Jesus Christ.
It's just a dead coyote, come on.
What would do that?
Where are it's eyes?
Nature's funny, kid.
I once saw a baby calf with two heads.
Who can explain that?
Come on, Zoe.
Come on.
Okay, okay.
Payback's a bitch, dude.
Up top.
I'll get you a towel.
Where's Drake?
He was here a few minutes ago.
His pack is gone.
Drake.
I'm gonna go look for him.
I'll come with you.
Dude.
Do you have to do
everything that she does?
What?
Nothing.
Drake.
Hello.
What are you doing?
I...
I was just...
We didn't know where you were.
Well, now you know.
I...
We...
Dan was gonna take a group photo.
Well.
Were you afraid I left you?
No.
Course not.
Hey guys, it's a camp site.
It's a good sign, we
must be near the trail.
Hello?
Anyone here?
Knock knock.
Looks like they secured
everything before they left.
Could be on a day hike.
Yeah.
Don't think they'd abandon it.
Well, I say we camp here.
Be good to be around some other hikers.
I say we keep moving.
No, no, no.
I'm with Zoe.
I'm beat.
Everyone who's up for staying here
and camping, raise your hand.
Fine.
Come on.
I don't get it.
Why would anyone leave
all their stuff out here?
Maybe they're lost.
Or a bear got 'em.
Don't talk like that, it's bad luck.
Sorry.
Guys, I'm not feeling well.
I think I'm gonna lie down.
What's wrong?
I dunno.
I've got a killer headache.
Hold on.
I have something.
You okay, man?
Here, try these.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm fine.
Just need to rest.
Night.
Good night.
Daddy?
Cheese, go wake up Brian.
I wanna get out of here.
That's weird.
Can't get a signal on this thing.
Those GPS units?
It's a scam.
They use them to track you.
All you need is a compass.
Guys, something's wrong with Brian.
What is it?
I dunno, he looks really sick.
Shit.
Just give him some space, okay?
I'm just trying to help.
Well, don't.
Brian, what's wrong?
Jesus.
What's wrong with him?
Let me see him.
Brian.
My God.
Will someone tell me
what's wrong with him?
Drake, we need to get him to a doctor.
Now.
There are no doctors here
What's wrong with him?
He's really sick.
What are we gonna do?
What we're gonna do is not panic, okay?
Then we need to figure
out what our options are.
We need to get him to a doctor.
Hello, we're three days from anywhere.
Fine, listen.
I'll go for help, you guys stay here.
You'll be fine.
What are you doing, huh?
What are you looking for?
What do you think?
Jackpot.
What is this?
Injections.
Label's been peeled off.
Look at this.
Geiger counter?
What campers need this stuff?
These aren't campers.
This is somebody on a mission.
Not talking about this anymore.
You guys stay put.
I'm going for help.
Wait.
You have a phone.
I saw it.
At the falls, you have a
satellite phone in your bag.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Gimme the phone.
- I said it doesn't work.
- Gimme the phone, Drake.
Drake.
Stupid bitch.
- Zoe.
- Give it to me.
Drake, get off of her.
Calm down.
Get off of her.
Damn it.
Come on, get me out of this,
my eyes are burning.
It won't connect.
What are we gonna do?
I told you, it doesn't work.
Do you think I'm gonna go blind?
Of course not.
Look, I'm really sorry, but
what was I supposed to do,
let him bash your head in?
Found this in Drake's bag.
Jesus, he was convicted of manslaughter?
What, he killed somebody?
Somebody, please, come on.
Can we please shut him up?
You have to flush it out,
flush out my eyes with water.
Flush it out.
Hey.
Somebody's gotta go for
help, or Brian's gonna die.
Zoe.
Any luck with the phone?
Nothing, it's dead.
We need to find help.
I'm gonna go you, guys
stay here with Brian.
What about Drake?
Keep him tied up.
He'll be fine 'til I get back.
Where you going, huh?
You gonna wander through the woods,
looking for civilization?
No map, no GPS?
You won't survive.
I'm the only one that
knows these mountains.
Come on!
Untie him.
Fuck.
Get up.
Drake.
What?
Something happened to us, didn't it?
The night after Strawberry Fields?
I remember.
It was not a dream, was it?
No.
It wasn't.
I didn't think anybody else remembered.
I didn't want you to panic.
Wait a minute.
What is happening?
I don't know.
Who did that?
It doesn't look Cherokee.
I've heard of this place.
Phil called it Beacon Point.
I didn't think it actually existed.
You okay?
I was such a dick.
I mean, all I wanted to do
was hang out with my brother.
Look, he's gonna be okay.
They're gonna bring help.
Hell, Cheese, I'll airlift him out
with a helicopter if I have to.
I've never been in a helicopter.
Check this out.
I think this the garnet.
Really?
Is it worth anything?
Probably not, ones that small.
But you never know when you
might find a ruby or an emerald.
Now, check this out.
It's definitely not Native American,
I can tell you that.
It's, like, some sort of scarab.
Hold it up to the light,
there's something inside it.
Strange.
What is that, a wire?
Hello?
Drake.
Where are we?
Oh shit.
Where's my pack?
It had all of our food in it, it had...
Oh my God, we have to find it.
Drake.
I feel off.
My head.
Stop, stop.
You hear that?
It's people.
Zoe?
Oh my God.
We've been walking in circles.
Circles.
Brian?
Hey.
Oh my God, are you okay?
Oh, easy.
Yeah.
I'm better.
Okay, we need to get out of here
and get back on the main trail.
Guys, I don't wanna be here anymore.
No, I have to go back.
Forget it.
No, you don't understand,
I left my pack.
Forget that crap,
I'll buy you a new one.
No, I have to go back.
I need my stuff.
No, I understand, we
need to get out of here.
It's my dad.
Okay?
I have his ashes, and I was gonna
scatter them at Klingman's Dome,
that's the whole reason
that I picked this hike.
I have to go back.
I'll come with you.
Me too.
I don't believe this.
Really?
Let me go.
You can't leave me here like this.
Fine.
Go.
We don't need you.
Hey, I can't do this anymore.
I need to rest soon.
Help.
Sam, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Please, just cut me down.
Yeah, hang on.
My God, Dan.
It's not your fault.
Zoe.
What is that?
Come on, keep moving,
it's not safe here.
Brian.
Come on, we gotta get him
out of here, come on.
Come on.
It's okay, bear with me.
Brian.
No, it's okay, it's okay,
it's okay, calm down.
Brian, it's okay.
Sh.
Zoe.
Zoe, wake up.
Where's Brian?
What?
Brian.
Brian!
Brian?
Brian.
Cheese.
Oh my God.
This is your fault.
We could have been rescued by now
if you hadn't made us come back here.
No.
You knew this place was dangerous,
and you brought us here
anyways, and for what?
For your dead dad, are you serious?
I had a brother.
And he's dead because of you.
Cheese.
Stay away from me.
Please.
I'm sorry.
I'll come back.
I promise.
Drake.
What are you doing?
In there.
What is it?
Go on, take a look.
What are you gonna do?
Do?
Look at me.
What can I do?
Do whatever you want.
But let's just say
you might find what you're lookin' for.
Stay away from me, Drake.
I just wanna help.
No, I am serious, stay back.
Go, look.
You first.
There's nothin' you
can do to me, Barbie.
I'm already dead.
Pretty weird, isn't it?
What is this?
At first, I thought
it was an old gold mine.
Now, I'm not so sure.
All that stuff was there.
All hiking gear.
Who did this?
You know.
Look at this.
This was at the camp site.
Don't you get it?
This was no accident.
They know every move we make.
Don't you see?
They've been here for generations.
Watching us.
Studying us.
They see everything we see.
What we do.
Where we go, how we live, they see all.
Look.
Oh my God.
How?
Our eyes.
They use our eyes like
cameras to spy on us.
Drake.
You know what I'm saying is true.
You were there?
Remember!?
Yes.
We got sick.
That wasn't supposed to happen.
But you and Cheese, you didn't get sick.
Why?
I don't know.
Let me see your eyes.
No.
Let me see your eyes!
Stay away from me, Drake.
I feel them inside of me.
Like parasites, like a poison.
I won't let them do this to me.
I won't!
No, Drake!
Cheese.
Oh my God.
You scared me.
We were wondering if
you were coming back.
What?
Is that yours?
No, this is my friend's,
he's about 17, 18 years old.
Have you guys seen him?
No, we haven't seen anyone.
We noticed the tent
yesterday when we got here.
We're just right over there.
You're welcome to join us and wait.
No.
Thank you.
Do you know the way to the main trail?
Yeah.
Just a couple hundred yards
that way, can't miss it.
Okay, thank you.
Klingman's Dome is about
three miles up that trail.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org